W-13206541-crypto-module-kt (#2514)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/cryptography-reference.adoc

=== Throws
* `CRYPTO:MISSING_KEY` {nbsp}
* `CRYPTO:VALIDATION` {nbsp}

== Configure Use Random Initialization Vectors

> You can enable the *Use random IVs* field to use random initialization vectors (IVs). If you enable this field, the decryption algorithm assumes IVs are prepended to the ciphertext during decryption operation. To configure this field in Anypoint Studio, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable the *Use random IVs* field to use random initialization vectors (IVs). If you enable this field, the decryption algorithm assumes IVs are prepended to the ciphertext during the decryption operation. To configure this field in Anypoint Studio, follow these steps:
```

. In Studio, drag a Cryptography module operation to your flow, for example *Jce sign*.
. Select the operation from the flow.
. In the operation configuration screen, click the plus sign to access the module global configuration.
. In the *Global Element Properties* window, enable the *Use random IVs* field.

image::crypto-random-iv.png[Use random IVs field selected]

> In the *XML editor* window, the `useRandomIVs="true"` field, looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the *XML editor* window, the *Use random IVs* field looks like this:
```
